Add troubleshooting section about missing or messed up webhooks (#4634)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/studio/troubleshooting.md

deprecated in the DVC 2.0 release. Upgrading to the latest DVC version will
resolve this issue for any future commits in your repository.

> ## Project does not reflect updates in the Git repository

Reviewer: @tapadipti tbh, it's not very helpful for users I think. Okay I got a high level explanation, I understand better what's going on, what are the practical things I can do?

- E.g. on BB we know that users need to be a repo admin - it'a common gotcha
- On all systems we probably have a way to go an check if hook is there and if not ask us, something else?
- Is there anything we can do on the Studio side to check it quickly, get more information why it's not working?

When there are updates (new commits, branches, etc.) in your Git repository,
your project in Iterative Studio gets reflected to include those updates. If the
project has stopped receiving updates from the Git repository and you have to
"force import" the project each time to get any new commit, then it is possible
that the Iterative Studio webhook in your repository got deleted or messed up.

Iterative Studio periodically checks for any missing or messed up webhooks, and

> attempts to re-create it. Currently, this happens every 3 days. The webhook also

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
attempts to re-create it. Currently, this happens every 2 hours. The webhook also
```
